add goBack() in navigation docs (#6288)
artsy/eigen: docs/adding_a_new_route.md

- Global app routes
- Context specific app routes

### Global Navigation functions

> In src/lib/navigation/navigate.ts we have helper functions we can globally use to navigate through the app. A good example is goBack() which takes you to the previous screen, no matter if it's part of the same StackNavigator or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `src/lib/navigation/navigate.ts` we have helper functions we can globally use to navigate through the app. A good example is the `goBack()` helper which navigates you back to the previous global route you visited.
```
